hey everyone its essa here so today goin
continue a guitar tutorial for a
skyscraper by Demi Lovato everyone's
been singing that song and talking about
it so I figured I do a tutorial for it
so i hope you enjoyed don't forget for
me on twitter and first I'll play a song
for you and then I will teach you how to
play it well let's get started
ok so first you're going to need AG put
our finger 5th string second fret middle
pin your sixth string third fret and
ring finger first string third fret ok
Phil everyone is c pointer finger second
string first fret middle finger fourth
string second fret on ring finger 5th
string third fret we need to eat minor
put our finger tips drinks I can found
middle finger fourth string second fret
and your you daddy put open your third
choice I can grant Middleton your first
or second fret and ring finger second
stream
and
like
they goes in the course you can take
I
that
p
like a sky scraper the sky is gray so
that's it play you play / / bit in the
bottle I'm my love of song so i hope you
into this tutorial don't forget to
subscribe and follow me on twitter and
i'll see you in the next video bye